staff/johnny-rojas/notes/README.md, before:

# My notes

### [MarkDown CheatSheet](https://tutorialmarkdown.com/guia)
Here you can see the basic and extended syntax of markdown

### [Git commands](https://www.atlassian.com/es/git/glossary#commands)

- ##### Git clone
  Create a copy of existent repository at Git.

```sh
$ git clone <https://link-con-nombre-del-repositorio>
```

- ##### Git branch
  We can use the comand "git branch" for create a new branch, view and delete.

###### Make a new branch

```sh
$ git branch <name-of-the-branch>
```

###### Delete a branch

```sh
$ git branch -d <name-of-the-branch>
```

###### View a branch

```sh
$ git branch
```

- ##### Git switch
  Move and select a diferent branch to work.

```sh
$ git switch <type-the-name-of-the-branch-you-wanna-work>
```

- ##### Git status
  Give of all the information of the branch

```sh
$ git status
```

- ##### Git add
  We need to use the git add command to include the changes to the file(s) in your next commit.
  -One changes

```sh
$ git add
```

-Diferents changes

```sh
$ git add -A
```

- ##### Git commit
  This is the check-in of changes made and sets them in the project's history. In combination with git add, it defines the basic workflow for all Git users.

```sh
$ git commit -m "message information with the changes"
```

- #### Git push
  After you've committed your changes, the next step you want to take is to push your changes to the remote server. Git push sends your commits to the remote repository.

```sh
$ git push <nombre-remoto> <nombre-de-tu-rama>
```

-If your branch has been created recently, you may need to upload your branch with the following command:

```sh
$ git push -u origin <nombre-de-tu-rama>
```

More information about Git comands:
[Interactive page](https://ndpsoftware.com/git-cheatsheet.html#loc=index;)
[CheatSheet](https://training.github.com/downloads/es_ES/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)
[GitHub](https://gist.github.com/dasdo/9ff71c5c0efa037441b6)
[Official Git page](https://git-scm.com/docs)

### [Console methods in js](https://ed.team/blog/ve-mas-alla-del-consolelog-y-mejora-tu-codigo-javascript)

```sh
$ console.log()
$ console.dir()
$ ...
```

More information about Console methods:
[Google devs tools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/api)
[Dev](https://dev.to/usulpro/console-methods-in-javascript-a-guide-for-beginners-32mg)

### [Bash commands](https://ss64.com/bash/)

More information about Bash commands:
[GitHub information](https://github.com/RehanSaeed/Bash-Cheat-Sheet)

Commit message:

add new information at notes, how to manipulate the dom and some tricks about grid, flexbox and colors for CSS #76

staff/johnny-rojas/notes/README.md, after:

# My notes

## Notes and classes guide

### [Jack Bootcamp Logbook](https://frill-scorpio-cd1.notion.site/Diario-BOOTCAMP-ISDICODERS-c92377c6fcc64696bd6ff37508770e14)

- ### [Recorded Classes](https://b00tc4mp.com)

- ### [MarkDown CheatSheet](https://tutorialmarkdown.com/guia)
Here you can see the basic and extended syntax of markdown

### [Git commands](https://www.atlassian.com/es/git/glossary#commands)

- ##### Git clone
  Create a copy of existent repository at Git.

```sh
$ git clone <https://link-con-nombre-del-repositorio>
```

- ##### Git branch
  We can use the comand "git branch" for create a new branch, view and delete.

###### Make a new branch

```sh
$ git branch <name-of-the-branch>
```

###### Delete a branch

```sh
$ git branch -d <name-of-the-branch>
```

###### View a branch

```sh
$ git branch
```

- ##### Git switch
  Move and select a diferent branch to work.

```sh
$ git switch <type-the-name-of-the-branch-you-wanna-work>
```

- ##### Git status
  Give of all the information of the branch

```sh
$ git status
```

- ##### Git add
  We need to use the git add command to include the changes to the file(s) in your next commit.
  -One changes

```sh
$ git add
```

-Diferents changes

```sh
$ git add -A
```

- ##### Git commit
  This is the check-in of changes made and sets them in the project's history. In combination with git add, it defines the basic workflow for all Git users.

```sh
$ git commit -m "message information with the changes"
```

- #### Git push
  After you've committed your changes, the next step you want to take is to push your changes to the remote server. Git push sends your commits to the remote repository.

```sh
$ git push <nombre-remoto> <nombre-de-tu-rama>
```

-If your branch has been created recently, you may need to upload your branch with the following command:

```sh
$ git push -u origin <nombre-de-tu-rama>
```

More information about Git comands:
[Interactive page](https://ndpsoftware.com/git-cheatsheet.html#loc=index;)
[CheatSheet](https://training.github.com/downloads/es_ES/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)
[GitHub](https://gist.github.com/dasdo/9ff71c5c0efa037441b6)
[Official Git page](https://git-scm.com/docs)

### [Console methods in js](https://ed.team/blog/ve-mas-alla-del-consolelog-y-mejora-tu-codigo-javascript)

```sh
$ console.log()
$ console.dir()
$ ...
```

More information about Console methods:
[Google devs tools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/api)
[Dev](https://dev.to/usulpro/console-methods-in-javascript-a-guide-for-beginners-32mg)

### [Bash commands](https://ss64.com/bash/)

More information about Bash commands:
[GitHub information](https://github.com/RehanSaeed/Bash-Cheat-Sheet)

### [Create a HTML with JS. DOM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koiPxFFiqJ4)

To better understand how JS works, it is good to practice the complete handling of the DOM with this language, creating an HTML and CSS file with JS is possible, try it!

Get more information about this:

[Create documents in the DOM](https://lenguajejs.com/javascript/dom/crear-elementos-dom/)
[How to Manipulate HTML and CSS Using JavaScript](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/manipulate-html-and-css-using-javascript/#:~:text=The%20HTML%20DOM%20provides%20a,other%20operations%20on%20the%20document.)
[Document.createElement()](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement)
[Three simple techniques for changing CSS styles with Javascript](https://entrellaves.com/javascript/cambiar-css-con-javascript/)

### [Css](https://lenguajecss.com/css/)
[Units of Measurement in CSS](https://keepcoding.io/blog/unidades-de-medida-en-css/)
[Selectors](https://flukeout.github.io/#)
[Grid](https://cssgridgarden.com/#es)
[Grid II](https://grid.malven.co)
[FlexBox](https://flexboxfroggy.com/#es)
[FlexBox II](https://flexbox.malven.co)
[FlexBox III](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
[Colors](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/es/tabla-de-colores/)
[Colors](https://mycolor.space)
